true. Sometimes it's, um it's tough. Thio talk to people who have suicidal
thoughts but having the conversations, um, listening to someone,
um, tell you their story or what? Their feeling that would help them
Thio maybe be more open to receiving help. Um, and some of the things
that you could do Thio help them would be to offer, uh, chaplain
services, Fleet and Family Service Center. Uh uh, the 1 800 suicide
awareness hotlines. And but it has to start with listening to them
first, um, listening to their story, Um, what they're going through,
um, meeting them where they're at, um, and then sharing with them.
Um, the different resource is and tools that they can use, uh, to help
them. Um, if they are having, uh, suicidal thoughts.